# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Apr 20, 2023)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Attendees:** 

- [x] Jim Amsden (IBM)
- [x] Jad El-khoury (KTH)
- [ ] Gray Bachelor (IBM)
- [x] David Honey (IBM)
- [x] Eran Gray (IBM)
- [ ] Jim Gammon (Raython Technologies)
- [ ] Partrick Ollerton (PTC)
- [ ] Michael Rowe (IBM)
- [ ] Ed Gentry (MID)
- [ ] Tanu (PTC)
- [x] Frej (SodiusWillert)
- [ ] Andrew Berezovskyi (KTH)
- [x] Ralph Schoon (IBM)
- [ ] Axel Reichwein (Koneksys)
- [ ] Martin Ulrich (Bosch)

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2023-04-13.md

## Agenda
- [ ] Publish Change Management errata
- [ ] TRS SoUs
- [ ] Linking Profiles specification editing progress
- [ ] Link Discovery Management Topics
- [ ] Configuration Management Topics - establishing the scope for config 1.1?
    - [ ] Change Set Delivery
    - [ ] History
    - [ ] PLM versioning alignment

## Minutes

### Publish Change Management errata
Jim is working on it. Next steps are to schedule a FMV on 28 April that there are not substative changes in the CM errata, and create an updated zip file with the new OASIS icon and new publish date.

### TRS SoUs
We have 3 SoUs from IBM, SodiusWilert and KTH.
We can now proceed to on the OASIS standards track.
FMV has been requested to submit as CoS.

### Configuration Management
The Special Majority Vote to approve a candidate for OASIS Standard for OSLC Tracked Resource Set Version 3.0 passed. Configuration Managment will now progress to public review.

### Linking Profiles
Call for contribution. Ralph will see what he can contribute. 

Frej points out that the linking profile is more focused on helping introduce OSLC to new users. The Link Discovery Management specification might be more useful for expanding OSLC capabilities.

### Product Definition

The OSLC-OP agrees that product definition is a valuable space to explore. But the OP would prefer that the strategy for product definition be addressed by the PGB (with collaboration from other interested parties) to establish a vision and scope of work that we could then contribute to.


## Action items

- [x] Jim to ping Chet and Paul again about CM errata and Config Management FMV for COS.


- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management PSD01 was published, but not TRS? Andrew says PSD01 files were published for TRS 
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for PS01 Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU

