# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Jan 26, 2023)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Attendees:** 

- [X] Jim Amsden (KTH)
- [x] Jad El-khoury (KTH)
- [ ] Gray Bachelor (IBM)
- [X] David Honey (IBM)
- [X] Eran Gray (IBM)
- [x] Jim Gammon (Raython Technologies)
- [ ] Partrick Ollerton (PTC)
- [ ] Michael Rowe (IBM)
- [ ] Ed Gentry (MID)
- [ ] Tanu (PTC)
- [ ] Frej (SodiusWillert)
- [ ] Andrew Berezovskyi (KTH)
- [ ] Ralph Schoon (IBM)
- [ ] Axel Reichwein (Koneksys)
- [ ] Unai Esandi
- [ ] Martin Ulrich (Bosch)

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2023-01-12.md

## Agenda
- [x] converting "impact call" to a PGB
- [x] OASIS Nominations
- [ ] Linking Profiles specification editing progress 
- [ ] Request SMV to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS
- [ ] OSLC Automation spec

## Minutes

### PGB
We agreed to convert the current "impact call" meeting series to  a PGB

### OASIS Nominations
OSLC PROMOCODE v1.0, AM 3.0 & QM 2.1 are nominated in the "Outstanding Approved Standard" category in the Open Cup Award.

Jim Gammon hopefully can attend just after this meeting

### what to do next 
- Finalize incomplete work from the Config Management specs.
- Continue work on Linking Profile, and Link Index
- Product Definition - need to find some momentum behind this effort. Start with a domain specification for a product, parts, ...
- 

## Action items

- [ ] Jad/Jim to reinitiate the PGB meetings - convert current series
- [X] Jad to ensure he is a member of the PGB
- [X] Jad to invite new members to the PGB
- [ ] Eran to reach out the Linking Profile assignees to ensure some progress occurs.

- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management PSD01 was published, but not TRS? Andrew says PSD01 files were published for TRS 
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for PS01 Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Patrick & Tanupreet to provide a SoU for Config Managemnet 1.0 (They got an email from Andrew with info)

