# OSLC Product Workgroup (March 6th 2023)

Location : Online at https://meet.jit.si/oslc-op

**Chairs:** Gray Bachelor, Patrick Ollerton

**Attendees:** 

- Gray Bachelor (IBM)
- Andrew Berezovskyi (KTH)
- Patrick Ollerton (PTC)
- Eran Gery (IBM)
- Jim Amsden (IBM)
- Jad El-Khoury (KTH)

Apologies
- Martin Ulrich (Bosch)
- Tanupreet Jolly (PTC)
- David Honey (IBM)
- François-Régis Jaunatre (Sodius-Willert)
- Michael Rowe (IBM)

Past attendees
- Robert Baillargeon (Sodius-Willert)
- Jim Gammon(Raytheon)
- Fabrice Mendes (IBM)
- Ralph Schoon (IBM)
- Axel Reichwein (Koneksys)
- Jeff Zemsky (PTC)
- Erik Herzog (Saab)
- Judith Crockford (Eurostep)

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oasis-open-project/blob/master/minutes/2023/2023-03-06_OSLC_Product_WG.md

## Agenda

- [ ] Roll call
- [ ] Start recording
- [ ] Minutes of the last meeting - any matters arising
https://github.com/oslc-op/oasis-open-project/blob/master/minutes/2023/2023-03-06_OSLC_Product_WG.md
- [ ] Volunteered input
- [ ] PGB - position - what and when to take back		
- [ ] Plans for next meeting April 3rd
- [ ] Any other business
- [ ] Any closing comments from attendees

## Minutes


Volunteered input
	Potential input from Whirlpool - WC and ELM DNG - SOWi
		they may have additional needs
			INCOSE input includes use cases
			Patrick will aim to circulate something before the next meeting
	We had an offer of STEP input - alignment to the STEP "trio" structure and status of STEP Web services and align to use 
		consider this as validating after we narrow down the scenarios
			STEP scenario was to link service providers - trace between STEP Share a space with PLM in the shade 
PGB - position - what and when to take back
	Gray shared some draft input to clarify the problem, aim and value of addressing
		will summarise to PGB tmrw
	We discussed some of the PLM perspectives and updated the draft 
	There was significant discussion about a more general aim vs extending today's OSLC and the two anges were included in the draft
	We settled on the term product structure management as narrowing the scope within a wider PLM world
	Tracing prodcts and requirements is emerging as the 1st scenario
	In general its not yet fully clean of what cfgm aspects to cleave away and return to the PGB, we try to clarify more next week
	In general 3 headings and 4 keys areas have been identified
		1)Product domain
		2) Application of config management including extension
		3) Discovery
			a) Link handling
			b) Extended data
	We noted some aspects which should guide our work
		Aim to represent and bridge to more of the PLM domain 
		Aim for a “Sufficient core” and a means of extension for Product domain
		Aim to do more than the default approach in AM
		Aim to clarify the scope of changes for Configuration Management
	We updated a draft document that is lodged here
	Tomorrow Gray will provide an update to the PGB
		Progress made
		Proposal to focus on a core of product structure management and support for linking
		Proposal to "return" the CfgM andDiscovery topics back to the PGB 
		
Plans for next meeting April 3rd
	Complete effort on the mission
	Start to walk through the proposed prime scenario to clarify the outline scope	(especially CfgM items to be handed back to PGB




## Contact points

gray_bachelor@uk.ibm.com
pollerton@ptc.com
