# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Mar 23, 2023)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Attendees:** 

- [X] Jim Amsden (IBM)
- [x] Jad El-khoury (KTH)
- [ ] Gray Bachelor (IBM)
- [ ] David Honey (IBM)
- [ ] Eran Gray (IBM)
- [ ] Jim Gammon (Raython Technologies)
- [ ] Partrick Ollerton (PTC)
- [ ] Michael Rowe (IBM)
- [ ] Ed Gentry (MID)
- [ ] Tanu (PTC)
- [x] Frej (SodiusWillert)
- [ ] Andrew Berezovskyi (KTH)
- [x] Ralph Schoon (IBM)
- [ ] Axel Reichwein (Koneksys)
- [ ] Martin Ulrich (Bosch)

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/2023-03-16.md

## Agenda
- [x] OSLC-OP vote to submit TRS v3.0 PS02 as COS
- [x] Change Management errata review and merge
- [ ] Linking Profiles specification editing progress
- [ ] Link Discovery Management Topics
- [ ] Configuration Management Topics - establishing the scope for config 1.1?
    - [ ] Change Set Delivery
    - [ ] History
    - [ ] PLM versioning alignment

## Minutes

### Reviewed results of PGB meeting:

* Spec status update: Configuration Management, TRS, Change Management
* Linking Profile
* Link Discovery Management
* Product Definition Work-group

### Change Management 3.0 Errata

We resolved the spec changes and with one minor change, this is ready to merge and submit to OASIS. Jim will submit today.

### TRS v3.0 PS02 COS Vote

Does the OSLC-OP approve to request OASIS to schedule a Full Majority Vote to submit OSLC Tracked Resource Set Version 3.0 PS02 as a candidate OASIS Specification?

No objections, unanimously approved. 

Jim will request the FMV today.

## Action items

- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management PSD01 was published, but not TRS? Andrew says PSD01 files were published for TRS 
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for PS01 Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Patrick & Tanupreet to provide a SoU for Config Management 1.0 (They got an email from Andrew with info)

