# OSLC OP Meeting minutes (Dec 1, 2022)

**Chairs:** Jim Amsden, Jad El-khoury

**Attendees:** 
- [x] Jim Amsden (KTH)
- [x] Jad El-khoury (KTH)
- [ ] Gray Bachelor (IBM)
- [x] David Honey (IBM)
- [ ] Ean Gray (IBM)
- [ ] Jim Gammon (Raython Technologies)
- [ ] Partrick Ollerton (PTC)
- [ ] Michael Rowe (IBM)
- [ ] Ed Gentry (MID)
- [ ] Tanu (PTC)
- [x] Frej (SodiusWillert)
- [ ] Andrew Berezovskyi (KTH)
- [ ] Ralph Schoon (IBM)
- [ ] Axel Reichwein
- [ ] Unai Esandi

**Previous minutes:** https://github.com/oslc-op/oslc-admin/blob/master/minutes/2022/20221110.md

## Agenda

- [x] OSLCFest Review
- [ ] Linking Profiles specification editing progress 
- [ ] Request SMV to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS
- [x] Request SMV to submit TRS 3.0 PS02 for COS
- [ ] OSLC Automation spec

## Minutes

### OSLCFest
Day 3 presentations varied greatly, had technical issues, and didn't have that much to do with OSLC. Perhaps in the future we need to take more time to review and approve the submissions.

The planning was a bit rushed at the end. We pulled it off, but a bit more planning might improve the content and delivery.

200 registrants last year, this year 40. 

Discussions were fragmented between Q&A and slack. Slack would be preferred because the content is saved.

### Future Topics

The OSLC Strategy meeting may benefit from a more formal agenda covering future OSLC topics such as:
* Incoming link discovery service
* Link validity service


## Action items


- [ ] Jim (or Jad?) to publish NS files - with help of Andrew. Config Management PSD01 was published, but not TRS? Andrew says PSD01 files were published for TRS - some progress made on TRS and Config, AM needs to be published too.
- [ ] Jim to publish NS files for PS01 Config and TRS, not wait until OS. COS is not really a published stage, just a milestone 

- [ ] Jim will check the release tags, at least the latest revision is tagged.
- [ ] Jim will continue the process to submit Config Management 1.0 for COS - pending 3rd SoU
- [ ] Patrick & Tanupreet to provide a SoU for Config Management 1.0 (They got an email from Andrew with info)

